hey guys crazy fall I gave me here and
in this video showing you guys a new
glitch found by lethal blades and crazy
for gaming so first of all I'm gonna
start off by putting the combien combat
knife at your primary and then for your
secondary he went out of the 44 Magnum
or you could use a different pistol I'll
show you guys later on and then for your
only perk that you only need is reflex
and for your lethal and tactical you get
whatever you want but you need this
reflex perk it makes this glitch work
better and for the second pistol you can
have the MP 443 something um and then
you still use reflex and combat knife so
right here this glitch um you can do a
silent shot with it as you will see
right here it's a new way and I'll tell
you guys how to do the glitch in a
second I'll show you guys the killcam of
this so pretty much for the glitch um
you're gonna want to keep tapping y
double tap y and like push press X to
reload and then we'll make a new silent
shot as you saw right there too then
also this will give more bullets as you
can see i had 10 bullets in my clip and
once i'm done doing this i'll count my
bullets and they'll be 13 of them on the
wall n plus this um good just really
cool it's funny for killcam reactions
and stuff like that and as you can see
right now i'm double tapping y and
pressing X to reload it might take you a
couple of tries but once you get used to
it it would be easier your friends won't
be able to see your bullets but I'm
print actually shooting and they will
only be able to see the side of the Shah
bullets but as you can see right now I'm
gonna go cut my bullets 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 and then 13 down here I think
I actually only skip the bullet to or to
a bowl or two and I hope you guys did
enjoy this video leave a like in a
comment and subscribe if you guys are
new to my channel now see you guys next
time